[OPENING MUSIC]
[ORCHESTRA TUNING]
And here is Mr. Bernstein.
[APPLAUSE]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 7, MVT. I: EXCERPT
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: OPENING
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: VIOLIN TRILL
[BERNSTEIN SINGS]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: MM. 16 - 20
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: OBOE ALONE
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: OBOE ALONE, DOCTORED
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: REPEAT MM. 16 - 20
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: REPEAT OF FIRST THEME
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: TROMBONE ENTRANCE
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: THEME AND TROMBONE ENTRANCE TOGETHER
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: SECOND THEME
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: VIOLIN SOLO
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: "POMPOUS" TROMBONE MOTIF
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: TROMBONE INTERJECTIONS
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I: TROMBONE CONT'D
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. I (COMPLETE)
[APPLAUSE]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. II: CLARINET SOLO
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. II: STRINGS
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. II (COMPLETE)
[APPLAUSE]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. III: TRUMPET SOLO
[ORCHESTRA SHOUTS] ¡Olé!
[AUDIENCE LAUGHS]
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. III: TROMBONE CHORALE
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. IV: BASSOON SOLO
BEETHOVEN SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. IV: EXCERPT
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. IV: BASSOON SOLO, FIRST TWO NOTES
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVT. IV to MVT. V: BASSOON TRANSITION
SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY NO. 9, MVTs. III, IV, & V (COMPLETE)
[APPLAUSE]